Update README with branch suggestion (#206)
WomenWhoCode/WWCodeMobile: coding-projects/ios/README.md

   - Claim GitHub issue with a comment.
   - Fork this repository.
   - Create a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/your-feature`.

>      - Name the branch `<work being done: feature, bug fix>/<issue number>_short description of the issue`

Reviewer: I have two suggestions:

1. Let's make it clear from the branch name what the contributor is working on. Since the majority of the work being done on the group projects now are features, I would not require the "work being done" part. I would suggest adding the project type, ios, so that in addition to the clear PR title (which the contributor will hopefully write), this will make it easier for the maintainers to know which PRs they need to review.

I also think it's better to keep the entire branch name to all hyphens for consistency, easier reading and typing.

```suggestion
     - Name the branch `ios-<issue number>-short description of the issue`
```

3. Right beneath this line, I would suggest giving an example even if it's a "fake" one, so those reading this know what you mean. 
Example of branch name: ios-0123-add-submit-button-to-detail-screen

   - Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add new feature'`.
   - Push to the branch: `git push origin feature/your-feature`.
   - Submit a pull request.

>   For more detailed instructions and a tutorial on the open source contribution workflow, see links to recordings and slides of past workshops in the [Resources](/coding-projects/resources/) folder.

Reviewer: Perhaps it would be better to update this sentence to make it more clear?

```suggestion
  For more detailed instructions and a tutorial on the open source contribution workflow (from forking a repo to submitting a pull request), see links to recordings and slides of past workshops in the [Resources](/coding-projects/resources/) folder.
```

  Here is an [article](https://jarv.is/notes/how-to-pull-request-fork-github/) that walks you through how to fork a repo to how to submit a pull request

> 

Reviewer: I am torn about adding this line for a couple of reasons:

- We've (WWCodeMobile) created multiple resources on the open source contribution workflow already, which we've put the links to slides and recordings in the coding-projects/resources folder (see line above this one). So I'd like us to point folks to those existing resources rather than constantly recreating those resources or pointing them to others. 
- The iOS and Android Kick Off slides not only gives an overview of the open source contribution workflow (again), but also has information on communication between the contributors and maintainers, which makes up our entire process. It's important that the contributors are familiar with the whole process, and not just the workflow part. 
- 
- I am going to work on an issue to add the Kick Off slides to the resources directory, and maybe it would be better to add this tutorial to the README there, which I can do.

Reviewer: Here is the issue https://github.com/WomenWhoCode/WWCodeMobile/issues/210 where I will place the recordings and slides to the Kick Off events. I can place that jarv.is tutorial over there, with the other tutorials.

   - Dependency updates
   - Wireframes for new features
  

>   If you have other contribution ideas, please create a GitHub issue and discuss them with a maintainer. If you would like to work on an existing GitHub issue but it is too large or you need assistance, comment on the issue or reach out on Slack for assistance.

Reviewer: Minor grammar fix, looks good! 👍
